# SCSD2 Restructured Data

Primary data source for this page [fy_25_revenue.csv](https://github.com/sheridanclash/sheridan_county_tax_dollars_ledgers/blob/main/scsd2_restructured/fy_25_revenue.csv)

The raw CSV files are from Sheridan County School District 2.
The data in the raw files have rows with itemized data and rows with data totals for a given "account".

There are two account considered here 01 000 81990 and 01 000 81990 002. By breaking the accounts into their constituent parts sorting the data is easier; however, not all account have the same number of constituent parts.

Further the data, in the raw files provided by the school district, is broken up into multiple rows with additional rows such as page number included that destroys the tabular structure intended in a CSV file.

The two files [81990_itemized.psv](https://github.com/sheridanclash/sheridan_county_tax_dollars_ledgers/blob/main/scsd2_restructured/81990_itemized.psv) and [81990_totals.psv](https://github.com/sheridanclash/sheridan_county_tax_dollars_ledgers/blob/main/scsd2_restructured/81990_totals.psv) are examples of tabular data that would be expected in a CSV. Note the use of the PSV file extension is because a pipe symbol | was used as a delimiter rather than a comma.

In the interest of simplifying communication of the school district's data, eliminating the need for transforming the data, currently provided, into well structured tabular data would be beneficial to both the public and the school district. 

If the current data provided is used by the public for the analysis and discuss the school district finances, unnecessary confusion and errors will likely happen due to the need; to reformat the data. Further this adds an additional burden to the individual or groups inspecting the data; to format it.

The data is collected and generated by the school district; therefore, exporting data that is already stored in a tabular format should not infer much overhead.

Questions:
- What is currently stopping the data from being provide in a well structured and formatted tabular file(s)?
- What needs to be done so it is possible for the school district to provide the data in well structured and formatted file(s)?

